You also saw
My daughter is still young.
I have to take care of her job
I can only sell
miss
This job was mainly transferred to me by my parents
I'm here to report today
I got this job by virtue of my ability.
I don't sign
No one can get this job
Have the rules changed now?
No, never.
Still Zhang Jie's rules
You talk first
I still have something to do.
Hey miss
Are you really going to sell your job?
Hmm, Fu Qianqian
I'll sell you my job. Do you want it?
I'd say 2,000.
miss
You make your own decisions
Mom and Dad won't be happy
Mom and Dad
Are you still not weaning your baby?
Find your parents for something
All like this
I personally went to my parents to ask for a salary. What is it?
Pay Qianqian, I'm your future sister-in-law anyway
Be polite to me
Nian Nian goes to my office to sit
I'm calling my brother right now
Ask him to send the money
Wait outside for a while
Brother, you are finally here.
Give me the money
Nian Nian has been waiting for a long time
What, you miss the money?
Do you have any brains to pay money?
Nian Nian sold me my job
Of course I'm going to give him money
Sell you a job
I think he must have used that as an excuse
Keep pestering me to pay
You tell him
In that case
I'm being rude to him again.
Brother, you are too narcissistic
Nian Nian knew you were coming and hid long ago
I don't want to see you at all